I dropped out in the 10th grade. I was 17. I was older than everyone else because my mom “homeschooled” me and kept me in the 4th grade for two years. She still tells everyone I “failed”, but really it was so she could play computer games and I would end up watching my younger sister for her.

I didn’t have a great home life and after a pretty serious knee injury I knew I wouldn’t be able to play sports any longer. Athletics were really the only reason I enjoyed school. I went to a pretty huge school; partying, drugs, drinking, & sex were all the norm and the “cool” thing to do. I wasn’t into all of that and I had no interest in the mean girl games.

My guidance counselor told me that I would never succeed at anything. That dropping out would be the worst mistake of my life. It turned out to be one of the best decisions I ever made. At first though, I thought she was right. I thought I had completely failed at everything and that I would never amount to anything.

For months I was terrified to walk through the doors of the adult learning center to get my GED. I worked on a horse farm and I loved the work and I had almost no free time so I used that as my excuse.

Finally, I went in and took the entrance exam so they knew where to place me. I didn’t know my scores until my first day. When I walked in there was a group of instructors standing around. The process for entering the building was that you had to go in and have an ID scanned and once I did that I heard my named called. I walked over to them and they said they needed to talk to me about my test scores. I thought maybe I just sucked so bad they weren’t going to let me in, but it turned out that I maxed out the scores in each category (except math, I was a few points away).

I qualified for the pre-GED that Friday. I passed that without any issues and I took the first available GED test a couple weeks later. I scored within the top 5% of my state.

I worked odd jobs here and there afterwards and then after two years of gypsying around I started college. I graduated with a bachelors. I started my own photography business. I’m currently looking into working or volunteering as a GED tutor for kids and adults.

I’m not super rich, but I consider myself pretty successful. Not once have I been asked to provide a high school transcript or diploma when applying for jobs. I know that was a long story for such a short answer, but that’s my high school dropout story.

Edit: I just want to say ‘Thanks!’ to all of the positive feedback that I have received. Dropping out can be a tough decision to make, but not giving up and persisting afterwards is important. Success is simply relative.